Add an option to disable purge in delete room admin API (#7964)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/admin_api/rooms.md

If `block` is `True` it prevents new joins to the old room.

This API will remove all trace of the old room from your database after removing

> all local users. If you do not like to remove the trace set `purge` to `False`.

Reviewer: I would probably rewrite this sentence as something like:

> If `purge` is `true` (the default), all traces of the old room will be removed from your database after removing all local users. If you do not want this to happen, set `purge` to `false`.

              `new_room_user_id` in the new room. Ideally this will clearly convey why the
               original room was shut down. Defaults to `Sharing illegal content on this server
               is not permitted and rooms in violation will be blocked.`
* `block` - Optional. If set to `true`, this room will be added to a blocking list, preventing
            future attempts to join the room. Defaults to `false`.

> * `purge` - Optional. If set to `true`, it will remove all trace of a room from your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `purge` - Optional. If set to `true`, it will remove all traces of the room from your database.
```
